#separator:tab
Critical Thinking MCQs	Ambiguity divided into 2 types:	Syntactic and structural	Symantic and semantic	Syntactic and semantic	Single or multiple	C	Syntactic and semantic	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking MCQs	Grammatical ambiguity means:	Structural ambiguity	Somatic ambiguity	Systematic ambiguity	Clear ambiguity	A	Structural ambiguity	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking MCQs	Polysemy means:	One word used in two different ways.	Two words used in one ways	Symmetrical Ways	Asymmetrical ways	A	One word used in two different ways.	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking MCQs	Ambiguity is a problem more of:	Word	Objective	Verb	Sentence	D	Sentence	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking MCQs	To support or refute a point you need:	logic and reason	concentration	Good memory	Powerful Alertness	A	logic and reason	Arguments
Critical Thinking MCQs	Reason offered for or against something is:	Ambiguity	Glossary	Assumption	Argument	D	Argument	Arguments
Critical Thinking MCQs	Statement accepted or supposed as true without proof or demonstration:	Ambiguity	Glossary	Assumption	Argument	C	Assumption	Arguments
Critical Thinking MCQs	Words sound and written the same but they are not identical in meaning are:	structural ambiguity	Semantic ambiguity	Partial ambiguity	Not ambiguous	B	Semantic ambiguity	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking MCQs	Structural ambiguity is called that because they are a result of:	united structure	solid structure	different structures	weak structure	C	different structures	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking MCQs	Sensitivity to ambiguity and vagueness in writing and speech is:	Difficult	Essential	Not required	Easy	B	Essential	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking MCQs	When you encounter information, what should be kept in mind?	Is it current?	Is it complete?	Is it accurate?	All of the above	D	All of the above	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking MCQs	What is the meaning of current information?	The topic is hot.	It is up to date.	It is complete information.	None of the above.	B	It is up to date.	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking MCQs	Which of these can be considered thinking critically?	Thinking emotionally	Thinking logically	Think actively and be aware of potential problems in the information you encounter.	None of the above.	C	Think actively and be aware of potential problems in the information you encounter.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	What is the worst thing for a critical thinker?	A logical mind	An emotional mind	Reaching to conclusion too soon.	None of the above	C	Reaching to conclusion too soon.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	What is the definition of critical thinking?	Higher-level thinking that aims to solve a problem.	Finding faults and weaknesses in other people's arguments.	Logically analyzing arguments in a critical way.	Disciplined thinking and judgment.	D	Disciplined thinking and judgment.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	Select the element which is not part of the critical thinking standards.	Clarity	Relevance	Relativistic thinking	Completeness	C	Relativistic thinking	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	Which is not the characteristic of a critical thinker among the following?	They use logical skills in reasoning.	They refuse to recognize the limitations of his mind and consistently pursue excellence.	They think independently and do not always succumb to peer pressure.	He upholds the standards of critical thinking.	B	They refuse to recognize the limitations of his mind and consistently pursue excellence.	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking MCQs	What is the exact problem with relativistic thinking?	There's no problem with it.	Relativistic thinking promotes group opinions.	Relativistic thinking promotes the view that something is the truth because it is the truth in my point of view.	Relativistic thinking promotes absolute truth.	C	Relativistic thinking promotes the view that something is the truth because it is the truth in my point of view.	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	'For this entire semester, I've been playing and having fun every day. My studies are not doing well. However, I believe I can score an A for the exam next week'. What is the mistake that the person has committed here with respect to critical thinking?	Wishful thinking.	Egocentrism.	Self-confident thinking	Moral subjectivism.	A	Wishful thinking.	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	A lecturer said to student: 'You should focus on all of this section.' Student: 'I know everything. I don't need to learn this.' What mistake has student committed?	Group bias	Stereotype	Moral subjectivism	Self-serving bias	D	Self-serving bias	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	How active is your imagination?	Very active; I am always daydreaming.	Somewhat active; I invent things in my head from time to time	Not active at all; I'm too logical.	I'm actually not sure.	A	Very active; I am always daydreaming	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	Which three actions should you take to analyze information?	Compare, contrast and connect.	Prioritize, pursue and persuade.	Question, quiz and quarrel.	Navigate, nurture and negotiate.	A	Compare, contrast and connect.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	Intelligent mistakes...	Could often be prevented by planning ahead.	Don't serve a purpose.	Are never beneficial.	Usually, can't be avoided.	D	Usually, can't be avoided.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	Do you think it is more important to develop thinking skills or job skills while in high school?	Job skills: they are what will get you hired.	Both are equally important.	Thinking skills: you can use them to learn a variety of job skills.	Neither: it is more important to be a nice person.	C	Thinking skills: you can use them to learn a variety of job skills.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	Doing which of the following can expand your thinking as well as help you gather new information?	Silently observing the situation.	Writing up an action plan.	Taking a moment for silent contemplation.	Asking questions.	D	Asking questions.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	When a problem arises, you should...	Solve it as soon as possible.	Take time to observe the situation and discover the cause of the issue.	Walk away; it is most likely not your responsibility.	Ask your friends what they would do.	B	Take time to observe the situation and discover the cause of the issue.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	A group of students is trying to find a creative way to solve a problem. Which student is asking the most imaginative question?	Laurel wants to know which books will give them answers.	Henry is curious about which rules can be broken.	Dolores is brainstorming a list of whom they can ask for help.	Stevie is ready to give up.	B	Henry is curious about which rules can be broken.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	What is usually the most important question you can ask in any given situation?	How much money can I make?	Who is responsible?	Why?	Can I accomplish this?	C	Why?	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	A powerful question...	Narrows the scope of the conversation.	Is less reliable than a yes or no question.	Is open-ended and expands your thinking.	Calls for a one-word response.	C	Is open-ended and expands your thinking.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	What is an assumption?	A perspective you may have.	An idea you take for granted.	A piece of information you have researched.	The answer to a question.	B	An idea you take for granted.	Arguments
Critical Thinking MCQs	What should you do when you make a mistake?	Blame the others involved.	Don't think about it ever again.	Examine what you learned from it.	Lecture others about it.	C	Examine what you learned from it.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	Critical thinking is all about _______ while creative thinking is more about _______.	Analyzing problems and evaluating outcomes...discovering different perspectives and brainstorming ideas.	Finding objective answers...coming up with subjective answers.	Brainstorming...analysis.	Shallow thinking...deeper-level thinking.	A	Analyzing problems and evaluating outcomes...discovering different perspectives and brainstorming ideas.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	Which of the following skillsets is most important when entering the workforce?	Communication skills.	Managerial skills.	Interpersonal skills.	All are equally important.	D	All are equally important.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	How often do you evaluate your personal performance?	Sometimes, but not regularly.	Never; I just go with the flow.	All the time; I'm always aware of my achievements and where I need to improve.	What does that mean?	C	All the time; I'm always aware of my achievements and where I need to improve.	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking MCQs	To think critically, you must be able to view situations:	Liberally.	From multiple perspectives.	As the victim would.	Confidently.	B	From multiple perspectives.	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking MCQs	While critical thinking is analytical, creative thinking is all of the following EXCEPT one. Which?	Generative	Expansive	Specific and regimented	Aimed at producing a novel outcome.	C	Specific and regimented	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	Critical Thinking is:	thinking which involves or exercises skilled judgment or observation or evaluative thinking.	A general term given to a wide range of cognitive skills and intellectual dispositions.	Negative or fault-finding	A and B	None of the above	D	A and B	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	Which of these is NOT involved in critical thinking:	Analyzing assumptions and biases	Examining evidence	Defining a problem	Intolerance of ambiguity	Disciplined thinking	D	Intolerance of ambiguity	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	Which of the following traits is important to critical thinking?	Accuracy	Clarity	Relevancy	Logical consistency	All are important.	E	All are important.	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking MCQs	'Who's to say what's moral or immoral? It's up to the individual or the culture to decide.' This is an example of:	Egocentrism	Wishful Thinking	Relativistic, Subjective Thinking	Sociocentrism	C	Relativistic, Subjective Thinking	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	_______ can be seen as self-centered thinking or self-interested thinking.	Sociocentrism	Egocentrism	Wishful Thinking	Unwarranted assumptions	Relativistic thinking	B	Egocentrism	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	_______ is group-centered thinking, group bias or conformism.	Unwarranted assumptions	Egocentrism	Relativistic thinking	Sociocentrism	Wishful Thinking	D	Sociocentrism	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	Suzie defends plagiarism saying 'What's wrong for one person isn't necessarily wrong for another.' Which critical thinking barrier does Suzie exhibit?	Stereotyping	Wishful thinking	Relativistic thinking	Unwarranted assumptions	All of the above	C	Relativistic thinking	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	Which of these is NOT a good definition of being skeptical?	Doubting	Indiscriminately rejecting ideas	Suspending judgment	Accepting only justified claims.	All of the above are good definitions of skepticism.	B	Indiscriminately rejecting ideas	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking MCQs	Critical thinkers ____; they look at different points of view, and will change positions when reason leads them to do so.	Value stereotypes, respect precision, look for evidence, and look for logical explanations.	View phenomena with disbelief and bias.	Are open-minded, value fair-mindedness, respect evidence and reasoning, respect clarity and precision	identify and evaluate arguments, ignore criteria, and apply reasoning.	All of the above are accurate.	C	Are open-minded, value fair-mindedness, respect evidence and reasoning, respect clarity and precision	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking MCQs	Which of these is NOT a procedure for Applying Criteria?	Asking questions	Making judgments	Identifying assumptions	Eliminating ALL opinions	All of the above are procedures for applying criteria.	D	Eliminating ALL opinions	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	Which of these is NOT a barrier to critical thought?	Poor reading skills	Poor listening skills	Prejudice	Bias	Acceptance of change	E	Acceptance of change	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking MCQs	What is a common example of unwarranted assumptions?	Logical reasoning	Conformism	Black-and-white thinking	Stereotyping	Wishful thinking	D	Stereotyping	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	What is one advantage of critical thinking?	It's a process that helps us make only large, important decisions	It's a process that helps us make only small, unimportant decisions.	It's a process that helps us create hidden issues, bias and manipulation.	It's a process that helps us reveal hidden issues, bias and manipulation.	D	It's a process that helps us reveal hidden issues, bias and manipulation.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	What is the first step (of five) in the critical thinking process?	Gather information	Apply information	Formulate questions	Consider implications	C	Formulate questions	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	When making a decision, what is the main purpose of gathering facts and information?	To make sure your assumptions are illogical	To weigh out various options or choices	To ignore the implications of your choices	To explore your own perspective and point of view	B	To weigh out various options or choices	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	Considering the implications of a decision means:	Examining its potential outcomes and effects	Asking questions to determine your goal.	Gathering information to weigh out options.	Determining whether information is logical.	A	Examining its potential outcomes and effects	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	How can critical thinking improve your chances of making better choices?	Critical thinking helps you pick the correct and best choice for all situations	Critical thinking helps you explore only your own perspective and no others	Critical thinking helps you examine information and make unreasonable choices	Critical thinking provides you the tools to sift through complex information logically	D	Critical thinking provides you the tools to sift through complex information logically	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	The last step of the decision-making process is:	Defining the problem	Stating solutions	Evaluating results	Analyzing options	C	Evaluating results	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking MCQs	All of the following are critical thinking skills EXCEPT:	recognizing generalizations.	evaluating old ideas and new information.	letting emotions lead you in responding.	judging sources.	C	letting emotions lead you in responding.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	Critical thinking involves all of the following EXCEPT:	giving in to your biases.	processing information.	analyzing evidence.	evaluating information.	A	giving in to your biases.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	Stereotyping: is a form of patterning by perceiving a similarity between events or things because of superficial features. (True/False)	True	False	A	True	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	This is an unconscious belief which influences the act of knowing or making a judgment call.	Organizational bias	Personal bias	Cultural bias	Cognitive bias	D	Cognitive bias	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	Analysts preferring one type of intelligence source over another is an example of what type of bias?	organizational bias	Cultural bias	Personal bias	Cognitive bias	C	Personal bias	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	The goal of this element of reasoning is to get your point across clearly by elaboration and by giving examples or illustrations.	Precision	Logic	Clarity	Accuracy	C	Clarity	Arguments
Critical Thinking MCQs	Collin likes rap but convinces himself to hate it because all his friends hate it. This is an example of:	Conformity	Relativism	Wishful thinking	Confirmation Bias	A	Conformity	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	Jeannette relies on her memory without studying and fails the exam. This is an example of:	Relativism	Subjectivism	Wishful Thinking	Conformation bias	C	Wishful Thinking	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	Paul justifies hanging out with another girl by blaming his girlfriend's behavior. This is an example of:	Conformity	Wishful thinking	Egocentrism	Rationalizing	D	Rationalizing	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	Barriers to critical thinking include _________, ethnocentrism, conformism, _________, relativism vs objectivism and intimidation by authority.	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Objectivism, positive thinking	Egocentrism, objectivism	Positive thinking, unexamined assumptions	A	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	What is critical thinking?	understanding the why and how behind the details	unpaid volunteer service that is embedded in courses across the curriculum.	the ability to think for yourself and to reliably make decisions that affect your life	the ability to recognize, understand, use, and manage moods, feelings, and attitudes	C	the ability to think for yourself and to reliably make decisions that affect your life	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	This means thinking and good judgement.	Alternative	Analogy	Reasoning	Fallacy	C	Reasoning	Arguments
Critical Thinking MCQs	Being unreasonable and lacking sense is ____________.	Illogical	Persuading	Generalizing	Logical	A	Illogical	Arguments
Critical Thinking MCQs	This means being sensible and reasonable.	Reasoning	Generalizing	Illogical	Logical	D	Logical	Arguments
Critical Thinking MCQs	A woman agrees with her book club that a book was terrible, even though she liked it. This is:	Group bias	Conformism	Cultural relativism	Wishful thinking	B	Conformism	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	A student attributes good grades to hard work and bad grades to the teacher not liking her. This is:	self-serving bias	wishful thinking	self-interested thinking	conformism	A	self-serving bias	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	Athletes attribute their win to hard work but attribute their loss to bad referee calls. This is:	conformism	self-serving bias	unwarranted assumption	stereotyping	B	self-serving bias	Biases
Critical Thinking MCQs	What does it mean to think critically?	To criticize things for their shortcomings	To think actively, with an awareness of potential problems in the information you encounter	To consider things in a logical manner	To imagine what it would be like to be criticized.	B	To think actively, with an awareness of potential problems in the information you encounter	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking MCQs	Why is it important to evaluate any information you encounter?	Information may contain defects or may be incomplete	Information may contain answers to my questions	Information may be difficult to understand	Information may not be helpful	A	Information may contain defects or may be incomplete	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking MCQs	What question should you have in mind when you encounter information?	Is it current?	Is it accurate?	Is the person providing the information an authority?	All of the above	D	All of the above	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking MCQs	How do you know if information found satisfies your needs?	I found everything I needed by consulting one source	It looks like it could be true	I feel like the author is telling the truth	After consulting several sources, the information I found completely addresses my research topic	D	After consulting several sources, the information I found completely addresses my research topic	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking MCQs	What are we concerned with when we ask if a person providing information is an authority?	Whether that person is in charge of people	If that person knows who the author is	If that person has relevant expertise in the subject being presented	If the author knows something no other author knows	C	If that person has relevant expertise in the subject being presented	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking MCQs	Why might commercial sources of information present problems for researchers?	Most researchers don't have credit cards.	Advertisements reduce the amount of information you can see on the screen.	You might be asked to buy something you don't want.	You might not get the best information available, only that which some company has paid to have shown to you	D	You might not get the best information available, only that which some company has paid to have shown to you	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking MCQs	What is an example of a motive to providing information?	Someone might be trying to sell you something	Someone believes he or she has valuable knowledge or experience worth sharing	Someone wants to make information freely available in order to help people	All of the above	D	All of the above	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking MCQs	Why should you care if the information you're examining is complete?	You might need to pursue another research topic instead.	You wouldn't be able to list it in a bibliography.	You might not have all the facts.	You really don't need to know all the facts.	C	You might not have all the facts.	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking MCQs	Why should you always try to find better sources of information?	Because if you do not seek out superior sources your understanding of a subject might be incomplete or incorrect	Because you can never use old or historical information	Because only the newest information available can ever be trusted	Because inferior sources take too long to document in a research paper	A	Because if you do not seek out superior sources your understanding of a subject might be incomplete or incorrect	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Systematic inquiry into the principles and presuppositions of any field of inquiry is:	critical thinking.	logic.	humility.	philosophy.	D	philosophy.	Philosophy
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Importance of philosophy include all of the following EXCEPT:	Encouraging using other people's ideas and views.	Problem solving skills	Communication skills	Persuasive Powers	A	Encouraging using other people's ideas and views.	Philosophy
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Ethics means:	What do we know, and how do we know it?	What is the difference between good and evil?	What is beauty?	What is the nature of the universe?	B	What is the difference between good and evil?	Philosophy
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	The following means being sensible and reasonable.	Logical	Reasoning	Generalizing	Illogical	A	Logical	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	A student gets a bad grade on test and says the teacher doesn't like him or the test was unfair.	Biased Experiences	wishful thinking	Schedule Pressure	conformism	A	Biased Experiences	Biases
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Thinking optimistic, speculative, best-case scenarios:	white hat.	black hat.	Yellow hat.	red hat.	C	Yellow hat.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	This represents emotional thinking, subjective feelings, perception, and opinion:	white hat.	black hat.	yellow hat.	red hat.	D	red hat.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Characteristics and Qualities of Critical Thinker include:	curious	hard	elastic	scientific	A	curious	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Critical thinking barriers, are:	Types of thinking leads to the ability to sympathize with others or analyze and evaluate various perspectives.	Most people are willing or can see this character flaw within themselves	Good habits in our thinking that develop over the years.	Ways block us from making good decisions and often we are not even aware of their influences over us.	D	Ways block us from making good decisions and often we are not even aware of their influences over us.	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Barriers to critical thinking include the following:	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Objectivism, positive thinking	Egocentrism, objectivism	Positive thinking, unexamined assumptions	A	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Biases
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	What is the definition of critical thinking?	Higher level thinking that aims to solve a problem.	Finding faults and weaknesses in other people's arguments.	Logically analyzing arguments in a critical way.	Disciplined thinking and judgment.	D	Disciplined thinking and judgment.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Select the element that is NOT part of the critical thinking standards.	Clarity.	Relevance.	Relativistic thinking.	Completeness.	C	Relativistic thinking.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	What is the problem with relativistic thinking?	There's no problem with it.	Relativistic thinking promotes group opinions.	Relativistic thinking promotes the view that something is the truth because it is the truth in my point of view.	Relativistic thinking promotes absolute truth.	C	Relativistic thinking promotes the view that something is the truth because it is the truth in my point of view.	Biases
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	'I've been playing every day. My studies are not doing well. However, I believe I can score an A for the exam next week.' What is the mistake committed here?	Wishful thinking.	Egocentrism.	Self-confident thinking	Moral subjectivism.	A	Wishful thinking.	Biases
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	A student told a lecturer: 'I know everything. This section is not a problem for me. I don't need to learn this.' What mistake has the student committed?	Group bias	Stereotype	Moral subjectivism	Self-serving bias	D	Self-serving bias	Biases
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	When you encounter information, what should be kept in mind?	Is it current, complete and accurate?	Is it accepted?	Is it logical?	Is it reasonable?	A	Is it current, complete and accurate?	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	What is the meaning of current information?	The topic is hot.	It is up to date.	It is complete information.	None of the above.	B	It is up to date.	Info_Literacy
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Which of these can be considered thinking critically?	Thinking emotionally.	Thinking logically.	To think actively and being aware of potential problems in the information you encounter.	Problem solving.	C	To think actively and being aware of potential problems in the information you encounter.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	The six thinking hats were developed by:	Edward de-bono.	de-bono Markel.	Edward joseph.	Mark de-bono.	A	Edward de-bono.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Ambiguity divided into 2 types:	Syntactic and structural	Symantic and semantic	Syntactic and semantic	Single or multiple	C	Syntactic and semantic	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Grammatical ambiguity means:	Structural ambiguity	Somatic ambiguity	Systematic ambiguity	Clear ambiguity	A	Structural ambiguity	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Polysemy means:	One word used in two different ways	Two word used in one ways	Symmetrical Ways	Asymmetrical ways	A	One word used in two different ways	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Ambiguity is a problem more of:	Word	Objective	Verb	Sentence	D	Sentence	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	To support or refute a point you need:	logic and reason	concentration	Good memory	Powerful Alertness	A	logic and reason	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2022 MCQs	Reason offered for or against something is:	Ambiguity.	Glossary.	Assumption.	Argument.	D	Argument.	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Critical thinking is characterized by the following EXCEPT:	self-directed	self-believes	self-monitored	self-guided	self-corrective thinking	B	self-believes	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	The correct order of Critical thinking components is:	Analysis-Reasoning-Evaluating-Problem solving-Decision-making	Analysis-Evaluating-Problem solving-Reasoning-Decision-making	Analysis-Evaluating-Reasoning-Decision-making-Problem solving	Analysis-Evaluating-Reasoning-Problem solving-Decision-making	Analysis-Problem solving-Evaluating-Reasoning-Decision-making	A	Analysis-Reasoning-Evaluating-Problem solving-Decision-making	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Critical thinking standards include the following EXCEPT:	Clarity	Bias	Accuracy	Relevance	B	Bias	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Critical thinking is helpful to medical students because:	It refers to clinical mistakes	Increased productivity.	Identifies bad alternatives.	Not to work in a resource limited environment	B	Increased productivity.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Problem solving don't include:	Definition of the problem	Search for alternatives.	Strategic planning	Analysis of the problem.	C	Strategic planning	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	The six thinking hats are a role-playing model developed by:	Edward de Bono	Freud	Edward Rassel	Anna Freud	Marry Queen	A	Edward de Bono	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	What is the problem with relativistic thinking?	There's no problem with it	Relativistic thinking promotes group opinions	Relativistic thinking promotes the view that something is the truth because it is the truth in my point of view.	Relativistic thinking promotes absolute truth.	C	Relativistic thinking promotes the view that something is the truth because it is the truth in my point of view.	Biases
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Characteristics and Qualities of Critical Thinker include:	Curious	Hard	Elastic	Scientific	A	Curious	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Critical thinking barriers, are:	Types of thinking leads to the ability to sympathize with others or analyze and evaluate various perspectives.	Most people are willing or can see this character flaw within themselves	Good habits in our thinking that develop over the years.	Ways block us from making good decisions and often we are not even aware of their influences over us.	D	Ways block us from making good decisions and often we are not even aware of their influences over us.	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Barriers to critical thinking include the following:	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions.	Objectivism, positive thinking.	Egocentrism, objectivism	Positive thinking, unexamined assumptions.	A	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions.	Biases
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	What is the definition of critical thinking?	Higher level thinking that aims to solve a problem.	Finding faults and weaknesses in other people's arguments	Logically analyzing arguments in a critical way.	Disciplined thinking and judgment.	D	Disciplined thinking and judgment.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Select the element that is NOT part of the critical thinking standards.	Clarity	Relevance	Relativistic Thinking	Completeness	C	Relativistic Thinking	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Decision makers should be:	Clear and systematized.	Heroic.	Socially withdraw.	Empathic	A	Clear and systematized.	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	'I've been playing every day. My studies are not doing well. However, I believe I can score an A for the exam next week.' What is the mistake committed?	Wishful thinking	Egocentrism.	Self-confident thinking	Moral subjectivism.	A	Wishful thinking	Biases
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Ambiguity divided into 2 types:	Syntactic and structural	Symantic and semantic	Syntactic and semantic	Single or multiple	C	Syntactic and semantic	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Grammatical ambiguity means:	Structural ambiguity.	Somatic ambiguity.	Systematic ambiguity.	Clear ambiguity.	A	Structural ambiguity.	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Polysemy means:	One word used in two different ways.	Two word used in one ways.	Symmetrical Ways.	Asymmetrical ways.	A	One word used in two different ways.	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Ambiguity is a problem more of:	Word	Objective.	Verb.	Sentence	D	Sentence	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	To support or refute a point you need:	Logic and reason.	Concentration.	Good memory.	Powerful Alertness	A	Logic and reason.	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Reason offered for or against something is:	Ambiguity.	Glossary	Assumption.	Argument	D	Argument	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Statement accepted or supposed as true without proof or demonstration:	Ambiguity.	Glossary.	Assumption.	Argument	C	Assumption.	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Words sound and written the same but they are not identical in meaning are:	Structural ambiguity	Semantic ambiguity.	Partial ambiguity.	Not ambiguous.	B	Semantic ambiguity.	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Structural ambiguity is called that because they are a result of:	United structure	Solid structure.	Different structures.	Weak structure.	C	Different structures.	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	Sensitivity to ambiguity and vagueness in writing and speech is:	Difficult	Essential.	Not required.	Easy.	B	Essential.	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2023 MCQs	A person with Critical Thinking Skills is capable of the following:	Having an understanding of logical connections between multiple ideas.	Can't identify or evaluate arguments.	Detect some loopholes and common mistakes in reasoning.	Reflect on the non-justification of one's own values.	A	Having an understanding of logical connections between multiple ideas.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Systematic inquiry into the principles and presuppositions of any field of inquiry is:	critical thinking.	logic.	philosophy.	humility	C	philosophy.	Philosophy
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Questions like 'What do we know, and how do we know it?' are mainstays in the branch of philosophy known as:	Ethics	Logic	Epistemology.	aesthetics	C	Epistemology.	Philosophy
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Philosophy is originally a _____ word that means Love of wisdom.	English.	Greek.	Latin	Spanish	B	Greek.	Philosophy
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Critical thinking is helpful to medical students because:	It refers to clinical mistakes	Identify bad alternatives.	Increased productivity.	Not to work in a resource limited environment	C	Increased productivity.	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Problem solving don't include:	Definition of the problem.	Search for alternatives.	Strategic planning	Analysis of the problem.	C	Strategic planning	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Barriers to critical thinking include:	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Objectivism, positive thinking	Egocentrism, objectivism	Positive thinking, unexamined assumptions	A	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Biases
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	A student gets a bad grade on test and says the teacher doesn't like him or the test was unfair.	Biased Experiences	wishful thinking	Schedule Pressures	conformism	A	Biased Experiences	Biases
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Critical thinking barriers, are:	Types of thinking leads to the ability to sympathize with others or analyze and evaluate various perspectives.	Most people are willing or can see this character flaw within themselves.	Good habits in our thinking that develop over the years.	Ways block us from making good decisions and often we are not even aware of their influences over us.	D	Ways block us from making good decisions and often we are not even aware of their influences over us.	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Decision makers should be:	Clear and systematized	Heroic	Socially withdrawn.	Empathic	A	Clear and systematized	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Reason offered for or against something is:	Ambiguity.	Glossary	Assumption	Argument	D	Argument	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Statement accepted or supposed as true without proof or demonstration:	Ambiguity.	Glossary.	Assumption.	Argument	C	Assumption.	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Words sound and written the same but they are not identical in meaning are:	structural ambiguity	Semantic ambiguity	Partial ambiguity	Not ambiguous	B	Semantic ambiguity	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Structural ambiguity is called that because they are a result of:	united structure	solid structure	different structures	weak structure	C	different structures	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Sensitivity to ambiguity and vagueness in writing and speech is:	Difficult	Essential	Not required	Easy	B	Essential	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Polysemy means:	One word used in two different ways.	Two word used in one ways.	Symmetrical Ways.	Asymmetrical ways.	A	One word used in two different ways.	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	To support or refute a point you need:	logic and reason	concentration	Good memory	Powerful Alertness	A	logic and reason	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Practicing Thinker means that he:	tries to improve thinking, but without regular practice.	recognize the need for regular practice	regularly practice thinking skills	is unaware of significant problems in thinking.	B	recognize the need for regular practice	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Master thinker means that he:	has good habits of thought that are natural.	recognizes good habits of thoughts.	faced with significant problems in thinking	recognizes good answers for significant problems.	A	has good habits of thought that are natural.	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Importance of philosophy include all of the following EXCEPT:	Encouraging using other people's ideas and views.	Problem solving skills	Communication skills	Persuasive Powers	A	Encouraging using other people's ideas and views.	Philosophy
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Ethics means:	What do we know, and how do we know it?	What is the difference between good and evil?	What is beauty?	What is the nature of the universe?	B	What is the difference between good and evil?	Philosophy
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Logic is the science of:	Society	Health	Thought	Wealth	C	Thought	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Logic is:	Positive science	Descriptive science	Normative science	None of the above	C	Normative science	Philosophy
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	Science of how to evaluate arguments and reasoning is:	Ethics	Axiology	Logic	Ontology	C	Logic	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	This means thinking and good judgment.	Alternative	Analogy	Reasoning	Fallacy	C	Reasoning	Arguments
Critical Thinking Exam 2024 MCQs	This means being sensible and reasonable.	Logical	Reasoning	Generalizing	Illogical	A	Logical	Arguments
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Critical thinking is helpful to medical students by:	self-directed	self-believes	avoid medical error	A self-corrective thinking	C	avoid medical error	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking – Set 1	When beliefs are based on emotions, facts alone stand:	Big chance	little chance	Moderate chance	No chance	C	Little chance	Biases
Critical Thinking – Set 1	A person with critical thinking skills is capable of the following EXCEPT:	Having an understanding of logical connections between multiple ideas	Identify, construct, and evaluate arguments	Detect loopholes and common mistakes in reasoning	Reflect on the justification of one's own book	D	Reflect on the justification of one's own book	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Critical thinking is helpful to medical students because:	It refers to clinical mistakes	Identify secure alternatives	Increased power of emotions	Not to work in a resource limited environment	B	Identify secure alternatives	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Problem solving does NOT include:	Definition of the problem	Search for alternatives	Strategic planning	Analysis of the problem	C	Strategic planning	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking – Set 1	The six thinking hats are a role-playing model developed by:	Edward de Bono	Freud	Edward Rassel	Anna Freud	Mary Queen	A	Edward de Bono	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking – Set 1	What is the problem with relativistic thinking?	There's no problem with it	Relativistic thinking promotes group opinions	Relativistic thinking promotes the view that something is the truth because it is the truth in my point of view	Relativistic thinking promotes absolute truth	C	Relativistic thinking promotes the view that something is the truth because it is the truth in my point of view	Biases
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Characteristics and Qualities of a Critical Thinker include:	Curious	Hard	Elastic	Scientific	A	Curious	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Branches of philosophy include:	Metaphysics	Socrates views	Aristotle laws	Ways block us from making good decisions	A	Metaphysics	Philosophy
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Barriers to critical thinking include the following:	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Objectivism, positive thinking	Egocentrism, objectivism	Positive thinking, unexamined assumptions	A	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Biases
Critical Thinking – Set 1	What is the definition of critical thinking?	Higher level thinking that aims to solve a problem	Finding faults and weaknesses in other people's arguments	Logically analyzing arguments in a critical way	Disciplined thinking and judgment	D	Disciplined thinking and judgment	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Select the element that is NOT part of the critical thinking standards:	Clarity	Relevance	Thinking	Completeness	C	Thinking	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Decision makers should be:	Systematized	Heroic	Socially withdrawn	Empathic	A	Systematized	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking – Set 1	'For this entire semester, I've been playing and having fun every day. My studies are not doing well. However, I believe I can score an A for the exam next week.' What is the mistake committed here with respect to critical thinking?	Wishful thinking	Egocentrism	Self-confident thinking	Moral subjectivism	A	Wishful thinking	Biases
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Ambiguity is divided into 2 types:	Syntactic and structural	Syntactic and semantic	Egocentrism, objectivism	Single or multiple	B	Syntactic and semantic	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – Set 1	In philosophy of science we:	Investigate the foundations, methods, and implications of science	Somatic ambiguity	Try to stop systematic ambiguity	Try to reach clear ambiguity	A	Investigate the foundations, methods, and implications of science	Philosophy
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Polysemy means:	One word used in two different ways	Two words used in one way	Symmetrical Ways	Asymmetrical ways	A	One word used in two different ways	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – Set 1	The following is NOT a type of logic:	Inductive	Deductive	Informative	Formal	C	Informative	Philosophy
Critical Thinking – Set 1	To support or refute a point you need:	Logic and reason	Concentration	Good memory	Powerful Alertness	A	Logic and reason	Arguments
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Reason offered for or against something is:	Ambiguity	Glossary	Assumption	Argument	D	Argument	Arguments
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Statement accepted or supposed as true without proof or demonstration:	Ambiguity	Glossary	Assumption	Argument	C	Assumption	Arguments
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Words sound and written the same but are not identical in meaning are:	Structural ambiguity	Semantic ambiguity	Partial ambiguity	Not ambiguous	B	Semantic ambiguity	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Structural ambiguity is called that because it is a result of:	United structure	Solid structure	Different structures	Weak structure	C	Different structures	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Existentialism is one type of:	Logic	Essential	Critical thinking	Philosophy	D	Philosophy	Philosophy
Critical Thinking – Set 1	Critical Thinking Skills are capable of the following:	Having an understanding of logical collections between multiple ideas	Can't identify or evaluate arguments	Detect some loopholes and common mistakes in reasoning	Reflect on the non-justification of one's own values	C	Detect some loopholes and common mistakes in reasoning	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Systematic inquiry into the principles and presuppositions of any field of inquiry is:	Critical thinking	Logic	Philosophy	Humility	C	Philosophy	Philosophy
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Questions like 'What do we know, and how do we know it?' are mainstays in the branch of philosophy known as:	Logic	Metaphysics	Epistemology	Aesthetics	C	Epistemology	Philosophy
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Philosophy is originally a _____ word that means 'Love of wisdom'.	English	Greek	Latin	Spanish	B	Greek	Philosophy
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Critical thinking is helpful to medical students because:	It refers to clinical mistakes	Identify bad alternatives	Increased productivity	Not to work in a resource limited environment	C	Increased productivity	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Problem solving does NOT include:	Definition of the problem	Search for alternatives	Strategic planning	Analysis of the problem	C	Strategic planning	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Barriers to critical thinking include:	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Objectivism, positive thinking	Egocentrism, objectivism	Positive thinking, unexamined assumptions	A	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Biases
Critical Thinking – End 2024	A student gets a bad grade on a test and says the teacher doesn't like him or the test was unfair. This is an example of:	Biased Experiences	Wishful thinking	Schedule Press	Conformism	A	Biased Experiences	Biases
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Critical thinking barriers are:	Types of thinking that lead to the ability to sympathize with others or analyze and evaluate various perspectives	Most people are willing or can see this character flaw within themselves	Good habits in our thinking that develop over the years	Ways that block us from making good decisions and often we are not even aware of their influences over us	D	Ways that block us from making good decisions and often we are not even aware of their influences over us	Biases
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Decision makers should be:	Clear and systematized	Heroic	Socially withdrawn	Empathic	A	Clear and systematized	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Reason offered for or against something is:	Ambiguity	Glossary	Assumption	Argument	D	Argument	Arguments
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Statement accepted or supposed as true without proof or demonstration:	Ambiguity	Glossary	Assumption	Argument	C	Assumption	Arguments
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Words sound and written the same but are not identical in meaning are:	Structural ambiguity	Semantic ambiguity	Partial ambiguity	Not ambiguous	B	Semantic ambiguity	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Structural ambiguity is called that because it is a result of:	United structure	Solid structure	Different structures	Weak structure	C	Different structures	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Sensitivity to ambiguity and vagueness in writing and speech is:	Difficult	Essential	Not required	Easy	B	Essential	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Polysemy means:	One word used in two different ways	Two words used in one way	Symmetrical Ways	Asymmetrical ways	A	One word used in two different ways	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – End 2024	To support or refute a point you need:	Logic and reason	Concentration	Good memory	Powerful Alertness	A	Logic and reason	Arguments
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Practicing Thinker means that he:	Tries to improve our thinking, but without regular practice	Recognizes the need for regular practice	Regularly practices our thinking skills	Is unaware of significant problems in thinking	B	Recognizes the need for regular practice	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Master Thinker means that he:	Has good habits of thought that are natural	Recognizes good habits of thoughts	Is faced with significant problems in thinking	Recognizes good answers for significant problems	A	Has good habits of thought that are natural	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Importance of philosophy includes all of the following EXCEPT:	Encouraging using other people's ideas and views	Problem solving skills	Communication skills	Persuasive Powers	A	Encouraging using other people's ideas and views	Philosophy
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Ethics means:	What do we know, and how do we know it?	What is the difference between good and evil?	What is beauty?	What is the nature of the universe?	B	What is the difference between good and evil?	Philosophy
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Logic is the science of:	Society	Health	Thought	Wealth	C	Thought	Arguments
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Logic is:	Positive science	Descriptive science	Normative science	None of the above	C	Normative science	Philosophy
Critical Thinking – End 2024	Science of how to evaluate arguments and reasoning is:	Ethics	Axiology	Logic	Ontology	C	Logic	Arguments
Critical Thinking – End 2024	This means thinking and good judgment:	Alternative	Analogy	Reasoning	Fallacy	C	Reasoning	Arguments
Critical Thinking – End 2024	This means being sensible and reasonable:	Logical	Reasoning	Generalizing	Illogical	A	Logical	Arguments
Critical Thinking – New Set	A person with critical thinking skills is capable of the following:	Reflect on the justification of one's own values and beliefs	Having an understanding of logical connections between multiple countries	Identify, construct, and evaluate substances	Detect loopholes and common mistakes in reassuring	A	Reflect on the justification of one's own values and beliefs	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking – New Set	How is critical thinking helpful to medical students?	Avoiding medical/clinical subjects	Identifying better alternatives for diagnosis and treatment	Better ability to make personal decisions	Working in a resource-limited developing situations	Quality finances and increased conductivity	B	Identifying better alternatives for diagnosis and treatment	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking – New Set	Critical thinking standards include the following EXCEPT:	Clarity	Bias	Accuracy	Relevance	Depth	B	Bias	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking – New Set	The six thinking hats are a role-playing model developed by:	Edward de Bono	Freud	Edward Rassel	Anna Freud	Mary Queen	A	Edward de Bono	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking – New Set	What is the problem with relativistic thinking?	There's no problem with it	Relativistic thinking promotes group opinions	Relativistic thinking promotes the view that something is the truth because it is the truth in my point of view	Relativistic thinking promotes absolute truth	C	Relativistic thinking promotes the view that something is the truth because it is the truth in my point of view	Biases
Critical Thinking – New Set	A critical thinker is able to do the following EXCEPT:	Evaluate information in a systematic way	Identify inconsistencies in others' thinking	Effectively solve problems and make informed decisions	Solve the majority of problems	Construct strong evidence-based arguments	D	Solve the majority of problems	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking – New Set	We believe our opinions for the following reasons EXCEPT:	It's true because we believe it	It's true because I want to believe it	Our genes define that	It's true because I have always believed it	It's true because it is in my selfish interest to believe it	C	Our genes define that	Biases
Critical Thinking – New Set	Characteristics and Qualities of a Critical Thinker include:	Curious	Hard	Elastic	Scientific	A	Curious	CT_Traits
Critical Thinking – New Set	Critical thinking barriers are:	Types of thinking that lead to the ability to sympathize with others or analyze and evaluate various perspectives	Most people are willing or can see this character flaw within themselves	Good habits in our thinking that develop over the years	Ways that block us from making good decisions and often we are not even aware of their influences over us	D	Ways that block us from making good decisions and often we are not even aware of their influences over us	Biases
Critical Thinking – New Set	Barriers to critical thinking include the following:	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Objectivism, positive thinking	Egocentrism, objectivism	Positive thinking, unexamined assumptions	A	Egocentrism, unexamined assumptions	Biases
Critical Thinking – New Set	What is the definition of critical thinking?	Higher level thinking that aims to solve a problem	Finding faults and weaknesses in other people's arguments	Logically analyzing arguments in a critical way	Disciplined thinking and judgment	D	Disciplined thinking and judgment	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking – New Set	Select the element that is NOT part of the critical thinking standards:	Clarity	Relevance	Thinking	Completeness	C	Thinking	CT_Basics
Critical Thinking – New Set	Decision makers should be:	Clear and systematized	Heroic	Socially withdrawn	Empathic	A	Clear and systematized	Problem_Solving
Critical Thinking – New Set	'For this entire semester, I've been playing and having fun every day. My studies are not doing well. However, I believe I can score an A for the exam next week.' What is the mistake committed here with respect to critical thinking?	Wishful thinking	Egocentrism	Self-confident thinking	Moral subjectivism	A	Wishful thinking	Biases
Critical Thinking – New Set	Ambiguity is divided into 2 types:	Syntactic and structural	Syntactic and semantic	Egocentrism, objectivism	Single or multiple	B	Syntactic and semantic	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – New Set	Grammatical ambiguity means:	Structural ambiguity	Somatic ambiguity	Systematic ambiguity	Clear ambiguity	A	Structural ambiguity	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – New Set	Polysemy means:	One word used in two different ways	Two words used in one way	Symmetrical Ways	Asymmetrical ways	A	One word used in two different ways	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – New Set	Ambiguity is a problem more of:	Word	Objective	Verb	Sentence	D	Sentence	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – New Set	To support or refute a point you need:	Logic and reason	Concentration	Good memory	Powerful Alertness	A	Logic and reason	Arguments
Critical Thinking – New Set	Reason offered for or against something is:	Ambiguity	Glossary	Assumption	Argument	D	Argument	Arguments
Critical Thinking – New Set	Statement accepted or supposed as true without proof or demonstration:	Ambiguity	Glossary	Assumption	Argument	C	Assumption	Arguments
Critical Thinking – New Set	Words sound and written the same but are not identical in meaning are:	Structural ambiguity	Semantic ambiguity	Partial ambiguity	Not ambiguous	B	Semantic ambiguity	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – New Set	Structural ambiguity is called that because it is a result of:	United structure	Solid structure	Different structures	Weak structure	C	Different structures	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – New Set	Sensitivity to ambiguity and vagueness in writing and speech is:	Difficult	Essential	Not required	Easy	B	Essential	Ambiguity
Critical Thinking – New Set	A person with Critical Thinking Skills is capable of the following:	Having an understanding of logical collections between multiple ideas	Can't identify or evaluate arguments	Detect some loopholes and common mistakes in reasoning	Reflect on the non-justification of one's own values	C	Detect some loopholes and common mistakes in reasoning	CT_Basics
